README.md, before:


# MyMeds
## By Barrie Millar
### A Medication track website written in PHP

## Introduction

MyMeds is a medication tracker site designed to allow people to keep track of the medication they are taking. Information on the types and doses of drugs can be recorded and a checklist shown to see which drugs have been taken today. It will be usable on all screen sizes from small mobile to desktop.

## Deployment And Repository

A deployment and GitHub page for this project is not yet available. These will be available shortly.

## Technical

This site was created using the following technologies:

- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap framework
- PHP

## Credits

The images in this site was sourced from the following artists and locations:-

- Background image - Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@ksyfffka07?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Ksenia Yakovleva</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/orange-and-white-medication-pill-on-persons-hand-YT6COuf1gY0?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

Commit message:

docs: add github and deployment links

README.md, after:


# MyMeds
## By Barrie Millar
### A Medication track website written in PHP

## Introduction

MyMeds is a medication tracker site designed to allow people to keep track of the medication they are taking. Information on the types and doses of drugs can be recorded and a checklist shown to see which drugs have been taken today. It will be usable on all screen sizes from small mobile to desktop.

## Deployment And Repository

The deployed website can be found [here](https://mymeds-ae895ce9ccba.herokuapp.com/)

The GitHub repository is [here](https://github.com/CyberArchitect777/mymeds)

## Technical

This site was created using the following technologies:

- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap framework
- PHP

## Credits

The images in this site was sourced from the following artists and locations:-

- Background image - Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@ksyfffka07?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Ksenia Yakovleva</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/orange-and-white-medication-pill-on-persons-hand-YT6COuf1gY0?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>
